resume: add page (#6241)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/resume.md

# resume

> CLI tool to easily setup a new resume.
> More information: <https://github.com/jsonresume/resume-cli>.

> - Create a new `resume.json` file in your current working directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new `resume.json` file in the current working directory:
```

`resume init`

> - Validate your `resume.json` against our schema tests to ensure it complies with the standard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Validate a `resume.json` against schema tests to ensure it complies with the standard:
```

I still don't like how its worded, maybe someone else can make this better.

`resume validate`

> - Export your resume locally in a stylized HTML or PDF format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Export a resume locally in a stylized HTML or PDF format:
```

> `resume export {{path/to/output}}`

Reviewer 2: Does the format depend on the file extention?
If so, `.../output.pdf|.html` looks weird, but maybe `path/to/html_or_pdf`?

Author: Sounds fair, I think that could be nice.

```suggestion
`resume export {{path/to/html_or_pdf}}`
```

> - Start a web server that serves your local `resume.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start a web server that serves a local `resume.json`:
```
